Update configuration.md (#6568)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-angular/docs/configuration.md

`@azure/msal-angular` accepts three configuration objects:

> 1. [Configuration](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_browser.html#configuration): This is the same configuration object that is used for the core `@azure/msal-browser` library. All configuration options can be found [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md#configuration-options).

Reviewer: Thanks for opening this PR. Could you please link directly to the TypeDoc instead? We're trying to rely more on TypeDoc since it's easier to keep up to date. Thanks!

 
```suggestion
1. [Configuration](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_browser.html#configuration): This is the same configuration object that is used for the core `@azure/msal-browser` library. All configuration options can be found [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/types/_azure_msal_browser.Configuration.html).
```
